well
I'm completely lost
in the last episode of learn English
with Minecraft I went searching for some
of the new things that they added in
Minecraft version 1.20
and in this video I'm going to continue
searching for new things
but first I need to find my way back
home
I have a terrible sense of direction and
I don't see myself anywhere on my map
so
I'm going to need to find my way back
all on my own
[Music]
I guess I'll start by sailing this way
well I'm going to get out of my boat
this
and uh oh
ah
I'll throw away
uh some cobblestone
and pick up my boat I think I'm going to
climb to the top of a mountain and see
if I can see my house anywhere
well
I don't see anything that looks familiar
uh
let's keep searching
my compass is pointing this way
maybe I'll follow my compass
and see where it takes me
up here up up up up up up
so
so this is where my compass is pointing
me to
which definitely isn't my house
so my compass will not help me
uh
uh home
where is my home
I'm lost
I don't know where to go
okay
I'm going to get back in my boat
and search by boat
my house is on the shore so if I get
close I should be able to see it easily
oh no
I don't see any lens
none
it's completely ocean
as far as I can see
oh no
I'm lost
well
um I found this buried treasure map
close to my house so maybe if I find
this buried treasure I'll also be able
to find my house
let's head towards the X
um
I think it's this way
okay
oh okay
I'm getting closer
okay
this is the old shipwreck
yeah this is the Shipwreck that I found
in the last video
I remember seeing these Turtles
I think they're the same Turtles
I think I'm going in the right direction
oh
phew
I can see my house
I was really scared that I was never
going to be able to find my house again
oh
phew
all right
I'm going to put away all of my things
in my inventory
and then I'm going to build a better map
and then I'm going to search for the new
things in Minecraft 1.20
my farm
my enchanting room
my mind
you
foreign
my chest room
ah
that is a relief
all right I'm going to put away all of
my things
all right I put away everything in my
inventory that I don't need to bring
with me
and now it's almost morning
and also time for me oh wait wait
I almost forgot to build a new map
oh dear okay
now I have a map that I can see myself
on
that will help
all right
morning
now let's go searching for the new biome
the cherry blossom biome
let's get in my boat
and we're sailing away
goodbye again house
all right
oh an Enderman
I'm looking at you
come get me oh
die die Enderman
oh
wow all right
all right
I killed the Enderman but he didn't drop
an eye when you're fighting Enderman
you're always safe in the water because
the Enderman can't go into the water
so it's safe
cherry blossom biome
where are you
yeah
wow
this is a huge ocean
I'll sail far away if I have to to find
the cherry blossom biome
another sunken ship
I'm going to explore it quickly
down
another treasure map
uh oh
to the surface
oh
all right there's more treasure up there
and let's go back down
down
another chest
oh oh oh
up swim up
all right
back in the boat
and now let's quickly find some more
buried treasure
this way I think it's going to be up
there on the shore
I'm going to eat this bread
all right
am I close oh I'm very close
okay let's get off of the boat
and
find the buried treasure
all right
I'm going to start digging right here
there it is the treasure
all right what's inside
lots of stuff
all right I'm going to break this chest
and take it all
like this
and let's continue searching for the
cherry blossom biome
off we go
so far I haven't seen anything new
but we'll continue searching whoa it
looks very cold over there
I'm going to get off of my boat
like this
and search on land
or on ice
this river is completely Frozen
it's very slippery
it's slippery
oh and there's some snow on the ground
over there
the Sun is going down
soon it'll be completely dark
whoa a village
I can see a village over there
that's good because it's getting dark
I can sleep in the village for tonight
all right
wow
there are light posts
and houses
oh this is an igloo
inside there are people sleeping
I can hear a cat close by
going meow
another house
all right
all right sir get out of the bed because
I need to sleep
sorry
and sleep time
and it's morning
all right
I'm glad that I found this Village
oh
polar bears
oh oh geez
I'm sorry
leave me alone ah
I'm running away
this polar bear is mad at me oh oh
the polar bear is probably trying to
protect its little baby
okay bye polar bear I'm going away now
oh my goodness
still chasing me
oh
okay
I'm going to go in the water
I don't think it can swim
oh wow it can it can
oh no
I'm sorry no
where's my boat boat
whoa
let's go
let's go go go go go go
wow
okay
I think I'm safe
wow
that polar bear was really mad at me
all right
let's continue our search for the cherry
blossom biome
wow there are some huge mountains right
here
I'm going to climb to the top of that
mountain
and there I should be able to see if
there's a cherry blossom biome nearby
let's head towards the mountain oh I can
see a bee up there
up up up up up up up
I'm climbing up the mountain
up
all right I think I'm getting close
to the top
I was impaled
by a stalagmireth
well I guess that that brings me to the
ends of this video
like And subscribe
see ya